When would you want to create a remote repository rather than keeping all your work local?

  At least when the project in question involves other people.

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?
	If I'm working on a project separately, changes made by other people might not be something that I want to see automatically updated in my own local repository.

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches. When would you use one instead of another?

	Fork ia a copy of another person's repository in GitHub, and the fork will appear on my own GitHub page, so the repository "moves" from GitHub to GitHub. When I commit changes to the fork, it will not affect the original one.

	Clone is a copy of a repository that exists on your local machine, so the repository moves from GitHub to local.

	Branch belongs is a property of a repository and its commits. 

	I would use forking when I don't have the permission to change the original repository, branching when I need some e.g experimental feature in my code, and cloning when I just need to copy an existing repository to my local machine.

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote stored locally?

	It enables easy comparison when you make changes to the local master branch.

How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub? What would be easier, and what would be harder?

	I guess that just sending code files through email or something. GitHub has somewhat of a learning curve, but eventually it will be handier than all the mess with sending emails back and forth.

When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in master? What benefits does each approach have?

	Probably when I'm working with some experimental feature, or when I'm not the one in control of the master branch. This enables the person in control to properly review the changes
	I've made before merging them into master.

